From the outside this house looks magnificent. 
It has been built with grey bricks and has fir wooden decorations. 
Large, octagon windows add to the overall look of the house and have been added to the house in a very symmetric way.
The house is equipped with a large kitchen and two bathrooms, it also has a generous living room, two bedrooms, a roomy dining area and a snug storage room.
The building is shaped like an L. 
The extension extends into overgrown wooden overhanging panels reaching until the end of that side of the house.
The second floor is the same size as the first, which has been built exactly on top of the floor below it. 
This floor has a different style than the floor below.
The roof is high and v-shaped and is covered with red roof tiles. 
Two large chimneys poke out the center of the roof. 
Several long, thin windows let in plenty of light to the rooms below the roof.
The house itself is surrounded by paved ground, with a small pond at one side and various potted plants all around the house.
From the outside this house looks magnificent. 
It has been built with walnut wood and has brown stone decorations. 
Tall, rectangular windows add to the overall look of the house and have been added to the house in a mostly symmetric way.
The house is equipped with a small kitchen and two bathrooms, it also has a small living room, four bedrooms, a grand dining room and a spacious basement.
The building is shaped like a squared S. 
The two extensions extend into a garden path circling around half the house.
The second floor is bigger than the first, which creates a stylish overhang around half the house. 
This floor has roughly the same style as the floor below.
The roof is low and rounded and is covered with black roof tiles. 
One large chimney sits at the side of the house. Large, skylight windows let in plenty of light to the rooms below the roof.
The house itself is surrounded by grass, a huge tree in the center and bushes on the borders of the plot.
From the outside this house looks magnificent. 
It has been built with walnut wood and has granite decorations. 
Small, octagon windows let in plenty of light and have been added to the house in a very symmetric way.
The house is equipped with an old-fashioned kitchen and one modern bathroom, it also has a snug living room, two bedrooms, a large dining room and a roomy basement.
The building is shaped like a T. The two extensions are linked by a garden path circling around half the house.
The second floor is smaller than the first, which allowed for a large balcony on one side of the house. 
This floor has roughly the same style as the floor below.
The roof is low and pyramid shaped and is covered with seagrass. 
Two large chimneys sit at either side of the house. 
Several large windows let in plenty of light to the rooms below the roof.
The house itself is surrounded by grass, a huge tree in the center and bushes on the borders of the plot.
The quiet life of a elderly man will be changed completely as a stranger enters his life.
The stranger claims the elderly man has been chosen to compete against others of other regions in a 'competition'. 
The winner will gain not only the honor and glory of winning, but will also never need for anything for the rest of their life. 
Certain of the truth in this situation and of this stranger, the elderly man oddly enthusiastically agrees to the proposal, there must be truth to all this and if so, this was the right choice to make.
But what if this stranger is trying to manipulate the situation. 
Or what if somebody is orchestrating all of this. 
How could an ordinary elderly man be relied upon in something this big. Time to find out.
The hectic life of a young girl take a sharp turn as a childhood friend enters her life.
The childhood friend claims the young girl is now the citizen of a different country. 
The old country has just been taken over by an enemy force, everybody who wishes to leave this new nation has 3 days to do so. 
Unsure what to think of all this and of this childhood friend, the young girl somewhat reluctantly agrees to the proposal, no matter what, something has to be done in this situation, hopefully this was the right choice.
But what if this childhood friend is not speaking the truth. 
Or what if the complete opposite is true. How could an ordinary young girl be relied upon in something this big. No turning back now though.
The unexciting life of a elderly man changes for better or worse as a strange girl enters his life.
The strange girl claims the elderly man plays a vital role in the survival of the universe and must come along to train for battle or else the universe might be lost forever. 
Unsure about everything, including this strange girl, the elderly man oddly willingly agrees to the proposal, there's something exciting about this whole situation
Surely the right choice was made.
But what if this strange girl cannot be relied upon. 
What if this is all far bigger than what has been told. 
How could an ordinary elderly man be helpful at all in this situation. Time will tell.
The rough life of a young guy has a chance to change, for better or worse, as a new friend enters his life.
The new friend claims the young guy is in possession of a powerful artifact
An artifact which looks like any ordinary object, but an artifact which is of the utmost importance to this person, who will offer a reward for it.
Unconvinced of the situation, but trusting of this new friend, the young guy hesitantly agrees to the proposal, but something does feel very wrong about this whole situation, hopefully the right choice was made.
But what if this new friend speaks only lies. 
Or what if everything told is completely true. 
How could an ordinary young guy be relied upon in something this big. Only one way to find out.
The laid-back life of a boy is going the complete opposite way as a childhood friend enters his life.
The childhood friend claims the boy is living on a crossing of ancient, magic ley lines which could hold the power to bring balance and peace to this world, but the house would need to be destroyed to access this power. 
Unsure about everything, including this childhood friend, the boy hesitantly agrees to the proposal, there's no knowing what the right choice is anyway, so it's best to make one fast.
But what if this childhood friend is trying to manipulate the situation. Or what if everything told is completely true. 
How could an ordinary boy play a part in all this. Time to find out.
The fast-paced life of a teenage boy has a chance to change, for better or worse, as a lost friend enters his life.
The lost friend claims the teenage boy has been corrupted by evil, something which has happened at birth and something which happens to a lot of people. 
The evil remains harmless until fully grown, but once it reaches maturity true evil will take over the mind. 
Fortunately there's a way to cleanse the body of this evil. 
Believing both the situation and this lost friend, the teenage boy somewhat hesitantly agrees to the proposal, surely this was the right choice to make, all of this has to have some truth to it.
But what if this lost friend is not speaking the truth. 
Or what if all this is an elaborate trap. How could an ordinary teenage boy play a part in all this. We're about to find out.
The peaceful life of a elderly woman take a sharp turn as a friendly acquaintance enters her life.
The friendly acquaintance claims the elderly woman is part of a secret agent program and his leaders are on their way to 'activate' him through a secret code word. 
The person claims to have escaped activation and offers escape from these supposed leaders. 
Concerned of the situation and a little distrusful of this friendly acquaintance, the elderly woman hesitantly agrees to the proposal, but something does feel very wrong about this whole situation, hopefully the right choice was made.
But what if this friendly acquaintance is trying be misleading. 
Or what if everything told is completely true. How could an ordinary elderly woman be needed for a situation like this. 
Only one way to find out.