The city of Evermere was built amidst a large, rugged island and is truly a true modern trade center. 
Its uniqueness is matched by the backdrop of everclear skies which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The climate these skies brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings were designed to take full advantage of the climate, as more daring elements can be created when you don't have to worry about strong winds.
The skyline is riddled with similar skyscrapers and a new one seems to pop up every other week. 
Life is great in Evermere and it has attracted a lot of attention. 
New cultures have left their mark not just on the city's cuisine, but also upon the city's identity.
What historically was a city of no variation has grown into a new culture of variety and it's this that unites the 12 million people to this day.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. 
Hundreds of diners, clubs and cafés offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy clubs, theaters, an amusement park or one of the many other recreational venues.
The city of Whiteburn was built at the center of a dangerous jungle and is truly an architectural sight. 
Its wonder is matched by the backdrop of lush forests which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The climate these forests brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have been built with both materials and stylistic shapes of the forests.
The skyline is sprinkled with towering skyscrapers and their history seemed to shine more now than ever. The quality of life is high in Whiteburn and it has attracted a lot of attention. New cultures have left their mark not just on the city's people, but also upon the city's identity. 
What historically was a city of monotony has grown into a large melting pot and it's this that unites the 2 million people to this day.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. 
Hundreds of concession stands, take-outs and restaurants offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy art galleries, adventure sports, libraries or one of the many other recreational venues.
The city of Fayglen was built amidst the murky waters of an enormous swamp and is truly a historic trade center. 
Its charm is matched by the backdrop of pristine skies which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The climate these skies brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings were designed to take full advantage of the climate through large windows and lush gardens.
The skyline is riddled with elegant skyscrapers and more seem to be on their way. Parks and gardens are flourishing in Fayglen and it has attracted a lot of attention. Various cultures have left their mark not just on the city's development, but also upon the city's identity. What historically was a city of little contrast has grown into an amalgamation of differences and it's this that unites the 8 million people to this day.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. 
Hundreds of bars, gastropubs and restaurants offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy theaters, an amusement park, art galleries or one of the many other recreational venues.
The city of Ebonwick was built at the base of a mighty mountain and is truly a historic sight. 
Its grace is matched by the backdrop of several waterfalls which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The trade resources these waterfalls brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings not only use water from those waterfalls
They often incorporate some form of falling water as part of their architecture.
The skyline is sprinkled with giant skyscrapers and there is no place on earth with anything like this. 
Employment is tremendous in Ebonwick and it has attracted a lot of attention. 
Countless cultures have left their mark not just on international relations, but also upon the city's identity. 
What historically was a city of little diversity has grown into an amalgamation of differences and it's this that unites the 9 million people to this day.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. 
Hundreds of cafés, ethnic restaurants and clubs offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy musical activities, dance, adventure sports or one of the many other recreational venues.
The city of Amberhill was built amidst the sands of a mighty desert and is truly a future oriented wonder. 
Its wonder is matched by the backdrop of everclear skies which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The climate these skies brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings were designed to take full advantage of the climate through large windows and lush gardens.
The skyline is growing with soaring skyscrapers and each seems to evolve with the times without losing their history. Technology is thriving in Amberhill and it has attracted a lot of attention. 
Many different cultures have left their mark not just on business, but also upon the city's identity. 
What historically was a city of few cultures has grown into a new culture of variety and it's this that unites the 5 million people to this day.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. 
Hundreds of concession stands, bistros and ethnic restaurants offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy aerobics, photography, theaters or one of the many other recreational venues.
The city of Kilbrook was built at the center of a gorgeous jungle and is truly a fully modernized sight. Its wonder is matched by the backdrop of clear blue skies which have helped shape the city to what it is today.
The climate these skies brought were of great importance, but they were also influential when it came to architectural designs as the vast majority of buildings have been built with lots of glass and light elements to mimic the aesthetics of the blue skies around them.
The skyline is littered with similar skyscrapers and they clearly show what they represent to the city itself.
Education is superb in Kilbrook and it has attracted a lot of attention. 
Many different cultures have left their mark not just on the architecture, but also upon the city's identity. 
What historically was a city of few differences has grown into a large melting pot and it's this that unites the 13 million people to this day.
It's this multicultural identity that has truly left its mark. 
Hundreds of take-outs, diners and food carts offer a plethora of culinary choices and those who feel hungry for something else can enjoy dance, musical activities, the national park or one of the many other recreational venues.
Anyone with an interest in the history of western civilisation has to visit Athens, the cradle of European aesthetics and values. Obviously the highlight of any such visit is the Acropolis which is visible over a wide area of central Athens. 
We were fortunate enough to see it in early March when the weather is not too hot and the crowds are not too great, but at any time it is a marvel.
The Parthenon is stunning and it is a strange thought that, to see all its original marble work, one has to visit also the British Museum in London and the Louvre in Paris. 
Another especially beautiful feature of the site is the Caryatides on the Erechtheum. 
The best view of the Acropolis is from Mount Lycabettus which is the highest hill in the city. 
Two museums that have to be visited are the Acropolis Museum itself and the National Archaeological Museum. 
It has to be said though that modern-day Athens is a rough and raw place with wild traffic and awful pollution.
My first visit to Spain was to Barcelona which, in fact, is far from typical of the country. 
Until I went to Barcelona, I had not realised how independent, nationalistic and proud are the Catalonians and I was surprised at the dominance of the Catalonian language over the Castilian (traditional Spanish). 
This is a city of contrasts from the wonderful architecture of Antoni Gaudí (Casa Milà & Casa Batiló) and Lluis Domènach (Palau de la Música Catalana) to the bizarre art of Picasso and Míro. 
My favourite area was the Gothic quarter, especially the cathedral cloister, the little lanes, and the palace courtyards. 
Two of the most memorable experiences were climbing as high as we dared up the towers of the still-uncompleted Gaudí church of Sagrada Família and visiting the fantastical world of Gaudí's Parc Guell.
It was more than a decade after the fall of the Wall (2001) before I was able to make my first visit to Berlin and I then made two trips in nine months. 
I made a third visit in 2006. Each time, I found a city in transition. 
The skyline is a proliferation of cranes and everywhere there is restoration and conversion. 
Nowhere is this change process more apparent than at the Potsdamer Platz where a phalanx of ultra modern office blocks and shopping centres has now taken form. 
The Wall itself has long gone, except for a section on Mühlenstrasse, decorated by artists from around the world, but its route is marked with stones. 
Also there is still an exhibit to mark the location of the famous Checkpoint Charlie and a fascinating museum there that records the building of the Wall and the inventive escape attempts.
The heart of modern Berlin is the broad Unter den Linden (Under The Lime Trees). 
At the west end is the Brandenberg Gate (totally covered in scaffolding on my first visits for a reconstruction) and nearby the reconstructed Reichstag with its stunning glass dome designed by the British-born architect Norman Foster (frost-covered during my February visit). 
Between the Brandenberg Gate and Potsdamer Platz, there is the newest and largest monument in the city, the Holocaust Memorial: 2,711 imposing concrete steles in undulating rows designed by Peter Eisenman. 
I visited the memorial and the underground museum just six months after they were opened in June 2005.
Walking west, one comes to the Bebelplatz, where as a book-lover I was particular struck by the empty bookshelves in an underground memorial of the Nazi book-burning in May 1933, and then to the Museum Island, where the Greek and Islamic artefacts of the Pergamon Museum are simply wonderful. 
Just beyond the Unter den Linden, one comes to reminders of the former DDR state: the memorial to Marx & Engels (an irresistible photo opportunity) and the television tower (with an observation terrace which I visited at 203 m/666 feet).
Berlin is a city which reeks with history, notably the Nazi era of Adolf Hitler. 
One of the many interesting museums commemorates those brave souls who resisted the Führer and usually paid for it with their lives. 
The museum is located in the war-time Supreme Headquarters of the German Army in a street now named after Count von Stauffenberg who unsuccessfully attempted to blow up Hitler in July 1944.
Berlin is another city at night and, thanks to my good friend Rolf Johanning, on my first visit I was able to visit a splendid variety show called Damals Hinterm Mond at the Chamäleon Varieté theatre in the Hackescher Hof (a collection of six linked courtyards). 
In this small theatre, a talented troupe entertained with German puns (which, of course, I did not understand) and amazing feats of juggling, acrobatics, contortionism and trapeze work. 
Here it was not hard to imagine Christopher Isherwoods Berlin of the Thirties. 
On my third visit, Rolf took me to a similar cabaret act called "Der Blaue Montag" at the TIPI, actually a huge 'tent' affair.
Less than an hour by train from boring Brussels is Bruges which is a delight. 
Most people are well aware of the pretty canals and the imposing tower of the Belfort-Hallen (climb the 366 steps to the top!), but Bruges also has some excellent small museums such as the Groeninge Museum with its Flemish paintings, the Memling Museum with six of his works, and the Volkskunde Museum with its folklore exhibits.
I have visited Brussels more often than any other place outside the UK with the exception of Prague - probably around 20 times - but I confess that it is not my favourite city. 
It is an odd place - a French-speaking island in the northern Flemish part of federal Belgium - and I find it somewhat grey and forbidding. 
Most of my visits have been to meetings at the European Commission or the European Parliament which are both housed in the city.
What I do like is the Grand Place, the cobbled square surrounded by a mixture of splendid Gothic and Baroque buildings including the Town Hall and the Municipal Museum. 
Also I like the nearby shopping arcade of Galeries Saint-Hubert. 
Then, of course, in the same quarter is the Rue des Bouchers with its throng of enticing restaurants. 
Finally the Belgian chocolates are to die for.
However, much of the rest of the city is frankly dull and boring. 
The most popular tourist image is the Mannekin-Pis, the corner statue of the little boy urinating. 
He is regularly decked in various occupational and national costumes which are all displayed in the Maison du Roi in the Grand Place. 
His representation appears in the tackiest souvenirs imaginable, including cork screws where his tiny penis is transformed into the unlikely screw.
We made a point of visiting the grave of Imre Nagy, the reformist Prime Minister who lost power at the time of the Hungarian Uprising of 1956. 
In the capital city of Budapest, there were still plenty of signs of the Communist era - such as the Liberation Monument on Gellert Hill and old and new street names one on top of the other - but also there was a real vibrancy about the place as it quickly adapted to western-style values - as evidenced most noticeably by the shops on Vaci utca.
This is a city of two distinct halves: on the west of the river, the old Buda area with Matthias Church and the Fisherman's Bastion, and on the east of the river, the newer Pest area including Heroes' Square and the ornate Parliament building.
One of our favourite visits was to the Museum of Applied Arts which is a wonderful building in its own right, built in the Oriental-Hungarian secessionist style, and contains some exquisite exhibits of craftmanship. Finally, Budapest, like Vienna, is a great place for coffee and cakes and our favourite haunt was the Café Hungaria with its Late Eclectic interior.
Denmark was one of the last European countries that I visited because I had been warned that it was expensive but at last, in the summer of 2010, I spent a few delightful days in the capital Copenhagen, only to find that the Little Mermaid was at the World Expo in Shanghai. 
Denmark only has a population of 5.5M and 1.5M of them live in the capital. 
Although a small country, it has 406 islands and Copenhagen is situated on the largest of them (Zealand).
What's great about Denmark is that everyone speaks fluent English and everyone is incredibly courteous (and the girls are gorgeous), but it is unbelievably expensive (my record was a cappuccino costing 60 kroner or £7!).The architecture of the city is charming, nowhere more so that in the Nyhavn area which is a good starting point for a boat ride around the harbour and canals.
The harbour at Nyhavn
The best cultural museum is the Ny Carlberg Glyptotek with a wonderful collection of Etruscan artefacts as well as French paintings and sculptures. 
If you're young and like exciting fair rides, you'll want to visit the Tivoli Gardens - but the entrance fee and the separate charge for the amusements are expensive. 
Then there is the remarkable commune of Christiania for those of a libertarian mindset.
I always like to see a city from above and Copenhagen has a number of excellent vantage points including Rundetårn tower and the Vor Freisers Kirke church. 
Also I'm very interested in the Second World War and made a point of visiting both the Danish Resistance Museum and the Danish Jewish Museum, both of which cover the remarkable story of how the Danes saved their Jews in 1943 (the only occupied country to do so).
This was the the birthplace of the Renaissance and contains many outstanding works from that splendid period: Brunelleschis Dome, Giottos Campanile, Ghibertis doors, Michelangelos David and the Uffizi Gallery with its works by Botticelli and a host of other magnificent artists. The Piazza del Duomo and the Piazza della Signoria are two of the great squares of Italy and the Ponte Vecchio is arguably the most memorable bridge in the world. The city is a photographers dream and the views  from the Giardino di Boboli, Piazzale Michelangelo and Fiesole are simply wonderful. I have managed to see Florence three times twice for holidays and once for a seminar and I cannot imagine ever tiring of the place or of ever seeing all its cultural riches.
Geneva has a beautiful location at the west end of the huge lake of the same name and within sight of the snow-capped Mont Blanc.
Aircraft from London usually approach from the east, flying the full length of the lake and providing terrific views. 
Once in the city, there is an excellent vantage from the North Tower of the Saint Pierre Cathedral in the Old Town. Geneva is a good place for trade unionists like me (it houses the International Labour Organisation and just outside the Union Network International) and for dessert lovers like me (the ice cream dishes in Mövenpick are to die for). A little known fact: the ILO is an official agency of the United Nations, but Switzerland is one of the few countries in the world that is not in the UN (actually its not in anything, including the European Union).
In spite of its size and importance, Germany is not a country I know that well. 
The first German city that I had a chance to explore was Hamburg in the north which I had assumed would be grey and industrial. 
In fact, the city was a revelation: clean, attractive and above all prosperous. 
The location by the Alster lake gives it a charming ambience and the shops lots of arcades - are wonderful. 
The sights include the city hall, the television tower and the Bismarck monument. 
For many, though, the most famous aspects of Hamburg are the Reeperbahn, a long street lined with sex shops and peep shows, and Herbertstrasse, a brothel street screened at both ends. 
Most of my time in the Reeperbahn was spent at the Operettenhaus attending a German-language version of the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical "Cats".
Helsinki is not one of the great European capitals such Paris, Berlin or Rome but, like the other Scandinavian capitals, it is well worth a visit (at least in summer). 
Like Copenhagen, Oslo and Stockholm, it is a capital by the water and the heart of the city is two squares near the harbour: Market Square, where you have to sample a fried fish called vendace in the fish market, and Senate Square, where you have to ascend the steps to the Evangelical Lutheran Cathedral. 
Just off Market Square is my favourite cafe: Aschand Cafe Jugend which has excellent coffee, delicious cakes, and - if you're lucky like us - a free afternoon musical recital. 
There are lots of galleries and museums in Helsinki and the Military Museum contains a fascinating account of the Winter War against the Soviet Union in 1939-40.
Trips outside the capital include a 20-minute ferry ride to the fortress island of Suomenlinna, a one-hour drive to the ancient medieval town of Porvoo, and a two-hour drive to the town of Kotka which has a new and impressive maritime museum.
Originally Byzantium, then Constantinople, now Istanbul, technically this should not be in a complilation of European cities because three-quarters of the population live in the Asian section of the city, but most of the tourist sights are on the European side so I've included it here. 
The setting on the Golden Horn, the Bosphorus and the Sea of Marmara make this a very special city geographically. 
The formerly Christian Haghia Sophia and Church of St Saviour, the Muslim Süleyman and Sultanahmet mosques, the Topkapi and Dolmabahçe palaces all make this an equally fascinating city culturally. 
And then there is the exoticism of the Pera Palas Hotel where Agatha Christie used to stay, the Byzantine underground cistern where "From Rusia With Love" was filmed, and the chance to see wonderful belly dancers.
In 1993, I was due to attend an international trade union congress in Cairo that had been planned for four years. 
As a result of the deteriorating security situation in Egypt, with just four weeks to go, the venue for the event was switched to Lisbon and it was a great success. 
I just loved the place - and I have made another four visits since (all but the last work-related).
The first thing you notice in Portugal is the language: it looks like Spanish but (to a European ear) it sounds like a Slavonic language (it is actually influenced by Arabic). 
Then there's the people - so laid back and friendly (and all professional colleagues speak fluent English). 
Next there is the appetising food: a speciality of Lisbon is a deliciously soft, sweet custard tart called Pasteis de Nata and the best place in the city to taste it is the Antiga Confeitaria de Belem. 
Another delicacy to be recommended is a sweet cherry liquor called ginja.
Lisbon is a city of hills and cobbled streets and trams. 
The Manueline architecture - typified by the 14th century Mosteiro dos Jeronimos and Torre de Belem - and the azulejos tiles make the city really distinctive and so picturesque. 
Opposite the monastery is the Monument of the Discoveries celebrating all the early seafaring exploits of the Portguese from Henry the Navigator to Vasgo da Gama.
The tiny streets of the Alfama district are a delight and above then stands the Castelo de São Jorge. 
Then there are some great museums such as the Calouste Gulbenkian Museum and the Museum of Decorative Arts. 
Finally one should always try to visit a restaurant - such as Clube de Fado - which has performances of the mournful fado music.
I moved to London in the Autumn of 1971 and I have lived and worked in the capital ever since. 
As a movie fan, I love its wonderful cinemas, especially those around Leicester Square and Piccadilly Circus. 
But I also love its art galleries (especially the National Gallery and the two Tate galleries), its museums (especially the British Museum, the National Science Museum and the Victoria & Albert Museum), and all the other cultural opportunities that the city has to offer (I was one of the first visitors to both the Millennium Dome and the London Eye). 
When one wants a change from modern London, a visit to the Museum of London is fascinating.
London has so many famous sights that are familiar even to those who have never visited the city: Buckingham Palace, the Houses of Parliament, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus. 
Even for those who have visited London many times, there are new things to see, such as the brilliant glass-covered court at the British Museum, the newly-accessible Somerset House which hosts the Courtauld art collection with its wonderful Impressionist paintings, and the amazing Tate Modern art gallery converted from an old power station opposite the elegant new Millennium Bridge.
Like many great cities, London derives a lot of its character from its river: the River Thames. 
Those who live in the city insist that parts north and south of the river have their own distinct personality and I've always lived north of the river which is characterised by an extensive underground system.
But the Thames itself is a major feature of the city and one can take boats as far east as Greenwich or as far west as Hampton Court. In recent years, the South Bank has become incredibly lively with lots of live music and street performers to add to the theatres and galleries.
It is on of the biggest cities in the world.
There are no one live here before 1925.
