Standing 4' 11" tall, this red skinned woman has a distinctive feel about her.
She has a square face with a round chin, a broad nose, small ears and small lips. Her brown eyes are small, and she has neat eyebrows.
Her black hair is long and straight, and is unconventionally styled.
She has toned arms, a thin torso, a defined waist, broad hips, and toned legs.
Standing 5' 0" tall, this olive skinned man has an unsociable feel about him.
He has a square face with a pointed chin, a large nose, and angled lips. His dark grey eyes are deep set and he has thin eyebrows.
His black hair is hip length and greasy, and is worn in an asymmetrical style.
He has long arms, a lean torso with very small breasts, and short legs.
Standing 5' 0" tall, this tan skinned woman has a recognisable feel about her.
She has a wide face with a square jaw, a large nose, large lips, and her light blue eyes are slanted.
Her dark brown hair is elbow-length and lank, and is worn in a quiff.
She has a short neck, wide shoulders, long arms and slender hands, a stocky torso with a narrow waist, round hips, short legs, and large feet.
Standing 6' 3" tall, this silver skinned man has a focused feel about him. A particularly notable feature is his mischievous grin.
He has a lean face, a small nose, and full lips. His lilac eyes are bulging and he has a monobrow.
His light blonde hair is mid-back length and fine , and is layered.
He has strong arms and large hands, a powerful torso, wide hips, muscular legs, and average-sized feet.
Standing 5' 0" tall, and of average build with cream skin, this man has a sweet and innocent feel about him.
He has expressive blue eyes and his shoulder length, curly, white hair is pulled into a ponytail.
He usually wears old fashioned clothes that are slightly too big.
White, coily hair neatly coiffured to reveal a craggy, lively face. Dancing green eyes, set buried within their sockets, watch intently over the sea they've have been seperated from for so long.
Dark stubble alluringly compliments his eyes and cheekbones and leaves a bittersweet memory of his fortunate adventures.
This is the face of Isaac Hanson, a true mercenary among humans. He stands seductively among others, despite his light frame.
There's something ambiguous about him, perhaps it's a feeling of sadness or perhaps it's simply his odd companions. But nonetheless, people tend to treat him like family, while secretly training to become more like him.
Red, frizzy hair awkwardly hangs over a strong, friendly face. Hooded hazel eyes, set graciously within their sockets, watch carefully over the village they've grieved with for so long.
Freckles are spread gorgeously across her cheeks and forehead and and leaves a gracious memory of her former lovers.
The is the face of Camryn Dallin, a true angel among humans. She stands tall above others, despite her muscled frame.
There's something curious about her, perhaps it's her suffering or perhaps it's simply her perseverance. But nonetheless, people tend to assist her, while commending her for her deeds.
Pink, straight hair braided to reveal a craggy, sad face. Shining sapphire eyes, set elegantly within their sockets, watch impatiently over the village they've looked after for so long.
A birthmark stretching from the bottom of the left cheekbone , running towards her upper lip and ending above her left eye and leaves a captivating memory of forbidden adventures.
The is the face of Leadrieth Dawnwing, a true genius among elves. She stands tall above others, despite her tough frame.
There's something inexplicable about her, perhaps it's her goodwill or perhaps it's simply her good will. But nonetheless, people tend to treat her like family, while secretly dispising her.
Brown, straight hair slightly reveals a furrowed, warm face. Hollow blue eyes, set rooted within their sockets, watch energetically over the people they've disassociated with for so long.
A gunshot left a mark stretching from just under the left eye , running towards the right side of his lips and ending on his right cheekbone leaves a heartbreaking memory of his fortunate past.
This is the face of Adan Eustis, a true angel among humans. He stands awkwardly among others, despite his lean frame.
There's something bewildering about him, perhaps it's his reputation or perhaps it's simply his unusual looks. But nonetheless, people tend to welcome him with open arms, while spreading stories about him.
Light green, flowing hair is pulled back to reveal a furrowed, tense face. Glittering pink eyes, set elegantly within their sockets, watch anxiously over the lands they've safeguarded for so long.
A birthmark reaching from the right side of the forehead , running towards the left side of his lips and ending on his chin leaves an amusing memory of companionship.
This is the face of Alluin Dawnfury, a true warrior among elves. He stands seductively among others, despite his strong frame.
There's something enigmatic about him, perhaps it's his fortunate past or perhaps it's simply his good looks. But nonetheless, people tend to welcome him, while learning as much about him as possible.
He is an important people of Vietnam. He is great!!!